h1. Image::Size - Determine the size of images in several common formats

Version: 3.2 (See CHANGES below)

h2. WHAT IS IT

Image::Size is a library based on the image-sizing code in the wwwimagesize
script, a tool that analyzes HTML files and adds HEIGHT and WIDTH tags to
IMG directives. Image::Size has generalized that code to return a raw (X, Y)
pair, and included wrappers to pre-format that output into either HTML or
a set of attribute pairs suitable for the CGI.pm library by Lincoln Stein.
Currently, Image::Size can size images in XPM, XBM, GIF, JPEG, PNG, MNG, TIFF,
the PPM family of formats (PPM/PGM/PBM) and if Image::Magick is installed,
the formats supported by it.

I did this because my old WWW server generated a lot of documents on demand
rather than keeping them in static files. These documents not only used
directional icons and buttons, but other graphics to annotate and highlight
sections of the text. Without size attributes, browsers cannot render the
text of a page until the image data is loaded and the size known for layout.
This library enables scripts to size their images at run-time and include
that as part of the generated HTML. Or for any other utility that uses and
manipulates graphics. The idea of the basic interface + wrappers is to not
limit the programmer to a certain data format.


h2. USING Image::Size IN YOUR SCRIPTS

Image::Size has pod documentation that gives a more complete overview, but
in a nutshell:

<pre>
<code>
        use Image::Size;

        ($x, $y) = imgsize("something.gif");
</code>
</pre>

And ($x, $y) is now the width and height of something.gif. 95% of my usage of
this library is in conjunction with Lincoln Stein's CGI.pm:

<pre>
<code>
        use CGI ':all';
        use Image::Size 'attr_imgsize';

        #
        # Emit an IMG tag with size attributes:
        #
        print img({-SRC => '/server/images/arrow.gif',
                   attr_imgsize('/server_root/server/images/arrow.gif')});
</code>
</pre>

Alternately, if you are running under Apache and mod_perl:

<pre>
<code>
        # Assume $Q is an object of class CGI, $r is an Apache request object
        $r->print($Q->img({ -src => $imgpath,
                            attr_imgsize($r->lookup_uri($imgpath)->
                                         filename) }));
</code>
</pre>

h2. BUILDING/INSTALLING

This package now uses the Module::Build system:

<pre>
<code>
	perl Build.PL
	./Build && ./Build test
</code>
</pre>

If all tests pass, then:

<pre>
<code>
	./Build install
</code>
</pre>

You may need super-user access to install.

There is a Makefile.PL provided for backwards compatibility:

<pre>
<code>
        perl Makefile.PL
        make && make test
        make install
</code>
</pre>

This simply wraps around the Build.PL file


h2. PROBLEMS/BUG REPORTS

Please send any reports of problems or bugs to rjray@blackperl.com.


h2. CHANGES

* lib/Image/Size.pm
* t/all.t
Make the package buildable in a pure-Perl software stack. Per   
RT ticket #42930, make Compress::Zlib optional, so that those   
who do not need it are not required to install it. Updated the  
test around the compressed-SWF file to skip if Compress::Zlib   
is absent.                                                      

* Build.PL (restored)
* ChangeLog (deleted)
* ChangeLog.xml (added)
* MANIFEST (deleted)
* Makefile.PL (deleted)
* README.Win32 (deleted)
* etc/ChangeLogML.xsd (added)
Making large-scale house-keeping changes to the build/dist      
process. Replace ChangeLog (plain-text) with a ChangeLogML file 
created from the CVS/SVN history and hand-adjusted; add the XSD 
for ChangeLogML; restore Build.PL and heavily enhance; and      
remove README.Win32, Makefile.PL and MANIFEST.                  

* lib/Image/Size.pm
Per RT ticket #43452, make the cache visible outside the        
lexical scope of the module This allows the hash to be used     
with packages like IPC::Shareable or IPC::MM to enable sharing  
the cache between processes. Added extra documentation of this, 
and a new section describing approaches to cache-sharing.       

Transaction revision: 136
* imgsize
* lib/Image/Size.pm
Fix URL/specification of the license info for LGPL.             
